so a flag is an additional option that you can add to a command
to view these flag options type the command man

for example
man rm

would display the rm manual

NAME
rm, unlink -- remove directory entries

SYNOPSIS
rm [-dfiPRrvW] file ...
unlink file

DESCRIPTION
The rm utility attempts to remove the non-directory type files specified
on the command line. If the permissions of the file do not permit writ-
ing, and the standard input device is a terminal, the user is prompted
(on the standard error output) for confirmation.

     The options are as follows:

     -d          Attempt to remove directories as well as other types of
                 files.

     -f          Attempt to remove the files without prompting for confirma-
                 tion, regardless of the file's permissions.  If the file does
                 not exist, do not display a diagnostic message or modify the
                 exit status to reflect an error.  The -f option overrides any
                 previous -i options.

     -i          Request confirmation before attempting to remove each file,
                 regardless of the file's permissions, or whether or not the
                 standard input device is a terminal.  The -i option overrides
                 any previous -f options.

     -P          Overwrite regular files before deleting them.  Files are
                 overwritten three times, first with the byte pattern 0xff,
                 then 0x00, and then 0xff again, before they are deleted.

     -R          Attempt to remove the file hierarchy rooted in each file
                 argument.  The -R option implies the -d option.  If the -i
                 option is specified, the user is prompted for confirmation
                 before each directory's contents are processed (as well as
                 before the attempt is made to remove the directory).  If the
                 user does not respond affirmatively, the file hierarchy
                 rooted in that directory is skipped.

     -r          Equivalent to -R.

     -v          Be verbose when deleting files, showing them as they are
                 removed.

:
